Stride is basically the number of units that you move when you're moving your filter from one location to another. If stride is 1, then the filter will move to the right or down by 1 unit, but when it's 9, then it will move over by 9 units.Stride is a parameter of the neural network's filter that modifies the amount of movement over the image or video. For example, if a neural network's stride is set to 1, the filter will move one pixel, or unit, at a time.Stride: it defines the step size of the kernel when sliding through the image. Stride of 1 means that the kernel slides through the image pixel by pixel. Stride of 2 means that the kernel slides through image by moving 2 pixels per step (i.e., skipping 1 pixel).padding controls the amount of padding applied to the input. It can be either a string {'valid', 'same'} or a tuple of ints giving the amount of implicit padding applied on both sides.The distance traveled during that motion is your stride length. In other words, your stride length is the distance from the toe of your right foot (starting position) to the toe of your right foot (ending position), or the heel of your right foot (starting position) to the heel of your right foot (ending position).computer programming, the stride of an array (also referred to as increment, pitch or step size) is the number of locations in memory between beginnings of successive array elements, measured in bytes or in units of the size of the array's elements.Noun He was standing only a few strides away from me. He has a distinctive bouncy stride. She entered the room with a confident stride. She crossed the room in only a few strides.Definition of take (something) in stride

 : to deal with (something difficult or upsetting) in a calm way I thought she'd be upset, but she has taken the news in stride.Calculate Step frequency = race distance / ( finishing time * stride length )The noun stride means "significant progress." You might make a huge stride towards making peace with the rival school by hosting a block party and inviting their students. The noun stride also means "a step made while running or walking." If you are bored, you can count your strides between home and the bus stop.Measuring your stride is simple and straightforward. All you need is a pedometer or tape measure! You can measure your stride by walking a particular distance and dividing the distance by your number of steps, such as 100 metres (330 ft), 1 mile (1.6 km), or 10 steps.begin to do something in a confident and effective way after starting slowly Both teams seem to have gotten into their stride in the second halfAn example of stride is when you walk down the street purposefully, wanting to quickly get to your destination. The definition of an example of stride is a long step or working in such a way to make good progress. An example of stride is a step taken that covers a large distance.This page is about the saying "What you see is what you get" Possible meaning: 1) There is nothing hidden. What you are looking at is the real thing. 2) In computing, the way something displays on the screen is the way it will display in print (or other media) -- hence the acronym WYSIWYG.In general, it is better to run with a higher turnover than with fewer, longer strides. A higher cadence will decrease the impact forces of each stride, while also reinforcing proper footfall and body positioningRunning with proper stride is extremely important if your goal is to actually make it around the track. Proper stride not only allows you to run faster and use energy more efficiently, but it also protects your body from injury.STRIDE. Spoofing, Tampering, Repudiation, Information Disclosure, Denial of Service, Elevation of Privilege (mnemonic for threats to software, used to make threat-modeling scenarios)How many strides should you do? In general, there's no need to do more than 3-6 strides for most runners. You can start to incorporate them weekly at the end of easy or long runs, once you've established a solid running base.Accept something as a matter of course, not allow something to interrupt or disturb one's routine. For example, There were bound to be setbacks but Jack took them in stride. This idiom alludes to a horse clearing an obstacle without checking its stride. [ c. 1900]verb (used with object), strode [strohd], strid·den [strid-n], strid·ing. to walk with long steps along, on, through, over, etc.: to stride the deck. to pass over or across in one long step: to stride a ditch.Stride rate is the number of steps taken per minute during your run, while stride length is the distance taken between each step. Running speed is a product of stride rate and stride length. Increase your stride rate or length, and you will run faster…UK (US take sth in stride) to deal with a problem or difficulty calmly and not to allow it to influence what you are doing: When you become a politician, you soon learn to take criticism in your stride.
